we have in the first place efe telephone and nokia the secret was the same as the
Author
and it's a phone
mid-range
there we are haggling to serve
It's economic
and 2g technology
that allows us to connect to the internet
here we are talking about children in smartphone applications
contact calendar we can listen to music to send messages
and has
an application of sama community that is for users to connect to
I have criteria send messages
very easily is a phone was to observe a little
zitane products 500 pesos according to the plan the eyes of the body from 199 to 599
the truth is that it is a very good option for you to always want to buy
an inexpensive phone that they do not understand
a lot of new technologies or that do not want something
an abortion
and on the other hand we have
this all-terrain phone voted for those who love technicians
we have already talked about it is a water resistant phone
and it has all compartments closed we are trying to turn it on
we denounce it
it is true that they have android
two points or 1 is also mid-range one thousand pesos nine hundred ninety and
nine per part are at
and it has the google operative theme that are admirable
and they were not apprehended to see if it resists the water can happen as axis
tussam
I found out for now is to take off the mask
good network close the barge the couple see that the phone is ideal for
when we fall on the piece
between a bucket of water for everything
the motor deficit phone to 999 pesos